Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about some of the properties and methods.
All right, so starting from this lecture for the next few lectures, we are going to talk about some
of the most useful properties and methods of dumb because dumb is an object.
So objects have properties and methods and we know what a property is, what a method is from our object's
chapter.
So the first property that I want to talk about is the inner text.
The owner takes property, gives us the text as displayed on the Web page.
So let's go ahead and let's say we want to grab the entire text of this paragraph in JavaScript and
for example, we want to do something with it.
So first things first.
We have to select that paragraph.
So I'm going to say when I selected, I'm going to store it inside this variable called Terra and I'm
going to say document.
Dot and let's see, let's take a look at the paragraph, what I'm going to do is I'm going to selected
by the elements selector or by name selector.
So I'm going to say query selector versus query selector, and I'm just going to pass in here.
So when I go ahead and cancel the log, it what I'm going to do is I'm going to say para dot enter text.
And when I say it, this is exactly the text of this para.
Right.
So this is the text of the Para that we have acquired right here.
So the header text gives us the text as displayed on the on the on the Web page.
So this is the text as displayed on the Web page.
All right.
So this is that text.
See, this is how it is displayed there.
And the next property that I want to talk about is which this brings us to the next property.
And that property is the text content.
So let's put it right here and I'm going to call it.
Well, actually, it has a name, so it is text content.
Now, text content gives us the text as displayed in the HTML document.
So let's take a look at this one.
And we see that this is how this text is displayed.
For example, I'm going to pass in there.
It doesn't matter if I provide it, it's going to it's going to go back because we do have our code
formatter on.
So if I were to go to preferences settings and I say format on save.
And save and just take out that tegmark and let's provide some spaces, some breaks there so it doesn't
matter how many line breaks you have in the email, what page you're going to see or text in a continuous
flow.
So so what the text content allows us to do is it shows the text exactly as it is in the e-mail document.
So for that, what I am going to do is I'm going to do let's go ahead and let's select this paragraph
as well again.
And this time, instead of inner text, we are going to say text content.
And when I say it.
Oh, there are two, so let's change it to para one, para one, let's save it.
And now you guys can see this is basically the difference between the inner text and between the text
content is can see that here we have a lot of indentation when you can select it.
This is called indentation and it looks exactly as we have it in here.
We have indentation before Lorem and we have indentation before Laura.
And this is how we have arranged our text.
Right.
So if I do provide a an enter there or a breakpoint there and then it is going to look like that.
But this in a text is not going to change because in text shows us the text of any element as though
it is on the Web page.
But this in her content, it shows us the text as though it is in the document.
So these two are done, the next property that I want to talk about is the area HTML, which kinda is
similar, but it isn't actually.
So let's go ahead and let's copy that.
Let's put it here.
Let's bring this one down and let's change it to three.
All right, so this is called inner turmoil and an e-mail is all caps.
OK, what does this do?
ANTM gives us the text and the elements.
We can also create elements.
All right.
With this interactive map.
So you could say that in our e-mail is the most powerful of of the two methods.
But the inner text and text content, they do have their applications.
Right.
So let's save it.
And now what I'm going to do here is I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to give you two examples.
So I'm going to say example one.
And the example one, I'm going to go ahead, I'm going to grab the UFO and document that query selector
and we are going to grab it by the element selector, which is ULE itself.
And we are going to say, you have that inner HTML.
All right.
Well, actually, this is the second example.
So I'm just going to go ahead and consider.
Log it.
We are going to see you have that inner.
Tim, let's save it, and this is what we get now with the inner text, what we got was the text and
the Web page, so typically we don't see any well, never we never see our e-mail tags and the Web page
because that is the job of the browser to translate our e-mail document to a complete Web page.
All right, imagine seeing this on every Web page and you're not a developer.
I mean, this this is going to ruin your life forever.
All right.
So what text content did was it?
It grabbed the text from the e-mail document, but it never grabbed the elements, the tags, the actual
opening and closing tax.
But what an original does is it grabs those tax.
It grabs them.
All right.
So this is what we get.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead to preferences and I'm going to say format and
save, and I'm just going to do that and I'm going to receive it so we can see our semicolons.
So this is our example.
Number one, let's go ahead and let's talk about the example.
Number two.
Now what why is enriched special?
Because within our e-mail, we can create e-mail elements from within our JavaScript files.
Now, this is where the DOM is getting more and more powerful.
Not only we can select e-mail elements, we can create them as well.
Now, I mean, how cool is that?
Right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab our you once more and I'm going to select a document that
query Select Tor and we are going to pass and you will.
And now what I'm going to do is I'm going to say you are incorrect HTML.
I'm going to add in a plus sign here and now we are going to create a A.T.M. element.
So how are elements created?
First, we have an opening track, then we have the content.
Then we have for some for most of the elements, we have a closing time except for the ones which are
self-closing tax like breaks in Estima or like images.
So when I say that nothing changes here, but in the DOM, in the demo document, in the Web page,
we can see that item number four has been added.
So this is cool.
I mean, this is really, really, really cool.
So let's go ahead.
Let's consider log it to the console as well.
So you will enter it here.
And when I save it, we are going to see our fourth item right here.
So this is the upper hand that interest him has over the rest of the two properties, but each of them
has their own unique place to be used.
Right.
And with this, interestingly, you can create any e-mail element that you want off your choice, off
your desire.
All right.
So enough of properties.
We have talked about three properties, and I want to cover two methods in this lecture as well.
So the first first method that I want to talk about is going to be the get attribute method.
And it does exactly what how it sounds like.
It grabs the e-mail elements attribute.
So let's go ahead and let's say const para document dot query selector and we are going to grab it by
the element selector and know what I'm going to do is I'm going to say Concertante log.
Piera darte, get attribute and get attribute, so which attribute of this paragraph do we want to get?
So this paragraph has only one attribute.
So it's attributes are the kind of key value pairs or sometimes only values which are specified in the
opening tag of any human element.
And they are attributes.
It doesn't matter what's their name.
They are attributes, so let's go ahead and let's select the attribute, OK, and in here, we just
passing the attribute name and it is going to give us the main para, which is the attribute, the ID
attribute name of this team element.
So this was the first method, the second method that I want to talk about is set attribute.
And this is when we recreate attributes for TEMEL elements through JavaScript.
This is why the in the in the previous lecture, I told you guys that for now, just think of dumb as
your entry point from JavaScript to the world of Estima and Cyesis, of course.
So these two are at methods, so just have to provide them with parentheses.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to grab our PEMRA once more.
Well, I could just copy it from there and put it here and uncommented.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to say para that set attribute.
What is the attribute that I want to give to this para the attribute let's say is a class.
And so the first argument is going to be the name of attribute and the second argument is going to be
paragraph is going to be the value for that attribute.
So let's save it.
And now if we come here.
So let's come.
Oops, not there in the elements, let's go into the body.
And this paragraph as you guys can see it here, it has a class as well.
So it has a class of paragraph, it does have a class of paragraph.
We can access it in the console as well.
For that we are going to say console does log.
And we are going to say para not get attribute.
And what does the attribute that we are going to get?
We are going to get the class and it is going to give us that cost.
And even if I add one, two, three, it is going to add one to three.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.